---
title: Fulcrum
date: 2025-07-28 10:00:00 +000
categories: [Stairs]
tags: [fundraising, update, health] # TAG names should always be lowercase
---

<meta name="fediverse:creator" content="@CaptainNerdBeard@mastodon.scot">

## Video Update

{% include embed/youtube.html id="VVsaTbEY4Nw" %}

## But also

Good god folks, I am very happy to have made it this far, but some of it was a f$%^&ing struggle.

So I've learned this so far:

1. I am USELESS in the gym after 1pm.
2. I can feel every drop of alcohol I had the night before working out.
3. My natural tides are "one day on, one day off".
4. Stretching is not optional.
5. I wish I could afford a Theragun.

#### 1. I am useless in the gym after 1pm
Every time I got to the gym in the afternoon or evening, I managed fewer floors, or managed the minimum amount at a greater strain. It would seem my body is more primed for exercise in the morning. It's official (as if it needed confirming): I am a morning person.

#### 2. I can feel all the alcohol
Seriously, even less than a single unit of alcohol has not only an effect on my performance, but also on the vibes! It feels like trying to work out while wearing thick clothing. Heavier and uncomfortable

#### 3. My natural tides are "one day on, one day off".
This was a hard one. By miles 40 I figured my body would be used to working out, so I figured I'd work out two days in a row, twice a week (Wed-Thu and Sat-Sun). When I started doing that I figured there would be some sort of adjustment period and then things would become easier. There wasn't and they didn't. 40 to 50 miles was a horrible stretch to find that out. I have now gone back to going every other day. It immediately became easier and more enjoyable.

#### 4. Stretching is not optional
Fact! I wouldn't be able to walk otherwise.

#### 5. I wish I could afford a Theragun
There's three at the gym and they have brought me back from the brink of cramp or pain more times than I can recall.

### TOTAL
```
CURRENT ELEVATION: 50.13 kilometres above sea level

TOTAL TIME:38 hours, 24 minutes, 40 seconds
TOTAL FLOORS: 10026 (250,650 steps)


AVERAGE STRAIN: 3.95 out of 5
AVERAGE VIBES: 3.15 out of 5

```